dial-up internet is fine I downloaded a
whole song in just five hours shut up do
you know you should say shortcut oh yeah
man my inner Christopher Columbus is
navigating us safely that's a terrible
example dude Christopher Columbus didn't
even end up in the right country and
then he brought a bunch of small pox and
dad no freedom brought us all freedom I
mean look around you this is really
who'd it's an iPod mini haven't seen one
of these in like since like 2004 yeah
that thing's ancient okay put it down
and wash your hands I don't even work
I'm the IGT and since you woke me up
from my slumber I'm gonna grant you
three wishes yeah okay swish this is
real what should we wish for just think
of your greatest desire like if it were
me I would wish more black president
okay uh yeah about that
okay he's uh probably not up-to-date on
all the current events probably been
trapped in this piece it's like 2004 oh
that's why he's doing the Dave Chappelle
Littlejohn sorry we've just been
explosive for a few years that's really
annoying well deny Genie I wish for the
biggest TV ever Alakazam alakazoo get
these pretty hairdos a big-ass TV what
the is that piece of garbage what you
wish for the biggest TV ever look at
state of the art and it's easily the
biggest on the market way 300 pounds
yeah yeah no no no no there's LCD
screens way bigger than that y'all got
LCD yeah nah I can't do that anymore
right Burke ants are crazy
okay how about let's let's wish for
something a little smaller okay um give
me the new iPhone man yeah
Alakazam alakazoo get these tight bottom
dudes the most state-of-the-art phone
now I don't know what an iPhone is but
it can't be better than a razor cuz
that's the Shh look at lips and it's got
the best predictive text on the market
that you can't even shoot video on this
piece of right I'll phone that can shoot
video okay future spaceman guy no
seriously they all do I can show you on
YouTube lets you to you know the place
where you watch videos Oh like
Blockbuster Video I know video rental
stores don't exist anymore well how do
you rate your videos the internet like
where I send my emails from oh yes
that's a start man you know I love my
hotmail calm what I mean it's totally
cool if you wanna you know look at males
online but odd male like the email site
oh I see when you put the emphasis on
mail it kind of sounds like you're
talking about hot dudes see I don't know
what you guys are talking about
I say hotmail correctly you guys are
saying it wrong
hotmail hotmail hotmail hotmail hotmail
that's mail man man what's mail I'm a
hot hot mail hotmail weird is it cool if
we just wish for our last wish for now
yeah okay um I want to go on a date with
Jessica Biel the little girl from
seventh heaven Wow about somebody hot
like Lindsay Lohan yeah no no amanda
Bynes
yes worse okay what about a luma girl
Avril I know she's still banging you
know he was a skater boy she said see
you later full she married the dude from
Nickelback
I give up you guys do your own last wish
really yeah I'm sick of this I think I'm
gonna I'm gonna wish for something like
to become famous on YouTube for having
absolutely no talent except good hair
wait no
haven't you seen Aladdin we have to use
our last wish to grant the genie his
freedom no you're right
hi Genie I wish for you to have freedom
dammit dude your idea of freedom is
smallpox oh god damn it I'm just as bad
as Christopher Columbus I hate me so
much
screw you guys just get out of here yeah
that's it's kind of crazy how quickly we
forget about all these things and they
really only happened like a few years
ago yeah that's like we're so obsessed
with the new technology that we forget
the classic stuff was just fine so
you're gonna keep that iPod hell no it's
an obviously piece of shit this video
was brought to you by hotman hotman
remember us No yeah no one does hey guys
so we somehow got a calendar with our
faces on it in a bunch of real stores
and it's also available online so click
here to get it if you want our faces on
your wall watching you every moment of
every day and if you want to watch
bloopers from this video and this
click that little box on the left and if
you haven't already clicked that
subscribe button
yeah what okay oh my god shut up it's
not 2004 anymore okay